SETUP_GUIDE.md, before:

# 🚀 Complete Guide - n8n on Raspberry Pi with Cloudflare Tunnel

This guide walks you through setting up n8n on Raspberry Pi with external access via Cloudflare Tunnel.

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. **Raspberry Pi 4** with Ubuntu 24.04
2. **Docker and Docker Compose** installed
3. **Domain** on Cloudflare (`your-domain.com`)
4. **Cloudflare** free account

---

## 📁 Required Files

**IMPORTANT:** You need to create the `docker-compose.yml` file before continuing. See Step 1 below to create from scratch or adapt an existing one.

**Files that will be created during the guide:**
- `.env` - Environment variables (created in Step 2)
- `docker-compose.yml` - Orchestration (need it before)
- `dashboard/` - Web dashboard (will be created automatically)
  - `app.py` - Python API
  - `index.html` - Web interface

---

## 🔧 Step 1: Create docker-compose.yml (if you don't have it)

**IMPORTANT:** If you already have a working `docker-compose.yml`, you can skip to Step 2.

### Check if it exists:
```bash
ls ~/Downloads/docker-compose.yml
```

### If it doesn't exist, create a new one:

```bash
cd ~/Downloads
nano docker-compose.yml
```

Paste this complete content:

```yaml
version: "3.8"

services:
  # Traefik - Reverse Proxy
  traefik:
    image: traefik:v2.11
    container_name: traefik
    restart: unless-stopped
    command:
      - "--api.dashboard=true"
      - "--providers.docker=true"
      - "--providers.docker.exposedbydefault=false"
      - "--entrypoints.web.address=:80"
    ports:
      - "80:80"
      - "443:443"
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
    networks:
      - network_public

  # PostgreSQL - Database
  postgres:
    image: postgres:14
    container_name: postgres
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - POSTGRES_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - POSTGRES_DB=n8n
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - postgres_data:/var/lib/postgresql/data

  # Redis - Queue & Cache
  redis:
    image: redis:latest
    container_name: redis
    restart: unless-stopped
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - redis_data:/data

  # Portainer - Docker Management
  portainer:
    image: portainer/portainer-ce:latest
    container_name: portainer
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
      - portainer_data:/data
    networks:
      - network_public
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.portainer.rule=Host(`${DOMINIO_PORTAINER}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.portainer.entrypoints=web"

  # n8n Editor - Workflow Editor
  n8n_editor:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_editor
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - N8N_ENCRYPTION_KEY=${N8N_KEY}
      - N8N_HOST=${DOMINIO_N8N}
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_editor.rule=Host(`${DOMINIO_N8N}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_editor.entrypoints=web"

  # n8n Worker - Background Processing
  n8n_worker:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_worker
    restart: unless-stopped
    command: worker
    environment:
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - QUEUE_BULL_REDIS_HOST=redis
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n

  # n8n Webhook - Webhook Handler
  n8n_webhook:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_webhook
    restart: unless-stopped
    command: webhook
    environment:
      - N8N_HOST=${WEBHOOK_N8N}
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_webhook.rule=Host(`${WEBHOOK_N8N}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_webhook.entrypoints=web"

  # Dashboard Stats API
  raspberry_stats_api:
    image: python:3.11-slim
    container_name: raspberry_stats_api
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - ./dashboard:/app
      - /proc:/host/proc:ro
      - /sys:/host/sys:ro
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
    working_dir: /app
    command: sh -c "pip install -q flask flask-cors && python app.py"
    networks:
      - network_public

  # Dashboard HTML
  raspberry_stats:
    image: nginx:alpine
    container_name: raspberry_stats
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - ./dashboard:/usr/share/nginx/html:ro
    networks:
      - network_public

networks:
  network_public:
    driver: bridge

volumes:
  postgres_data:
  redis_data:
  portainer_data:
  n8n_data:
```

Save the file (Ctrl+O, Enter, Ctrl+X).

---

## 🔧 Step 2: Install Docker

```bash
# Update system
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y

# Install Docker
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com | sh

# Add user to docker group
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER

# Install Docker Compose
sudo apt install docker-compose-plugin -y

# Reboot to apply permissions
sudo reboot
```

After rebooting, reconnect and test:

```bash
docker --version
docker compose version
```

---

## 📝 Step 3: Configure Variables

Create the `.env` file:

```bash
cd ~/Downloads
nano .env
```

Paste this content (adapt to your domain):

```env
# Domains
DOMINIO_N8N=app.your-domain.com
WEBHOOK_N8N=hook.your-domain.com
DOMINIO_PORTAINER=central.your-domain.com

# SSL Email
SSL_EMAIL=your-email@gmail.com

# PostgreSQL Password
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=YourStrongPassword123

# n8n Encryption Key (generate with: openssl rand -base64 32)
N8N_KEY=your-random-key-here

# SMTP (optional - use Gmail app password)
N8N_EMAIL_MODE=smtp
N8N_SMTP_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_PORT=587
N8N_SMTP_USER=your-email@gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_PASS=your-gmail-app-password
N8N_SMTP_SENDER=your-email@gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_SSL=false
N8N_SMTP_SECURE=false
```

**Important:**
- Generate `N8N_KEY` with: `openssl rand -base64 32`
- Use strong password for PostgreSQL
- For Gmail SMTP: generate an app password at https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords

---

## 🌐 Step 4: Configure Cloudflare DNS

### Get Zone ID

1. Access https://dash.cloudflare.com
2. Enter your domain
3. On the **Overview** page, copy the **Zone ID**

### Create API Token

1. Access: https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens
2. Click: **Create Token**
3. Use template: **Edit zone DNS**
4. Authorize: Zone → your domain
5. Click **Continue** → **Create Token**
6. **COPY THE TOKEN** (it appears only once!)

**Note down:**
- Zone ID: `abc123def456`
- API Token: `very-long-token`

---

## 🔗 Step 5: Install and Configure Cloudflare Tunnel

### Install cloudflared

```bash
wget https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-arm64
chmod +x cloudflared-linux-arm64
sudo mv cloudflared-linux-arm64 /usr/local/bin/cloudflared
cloudflared --version
```

### Authenticate with Cloudflare

```bash
cloudflared tunnel login
```

Opens in the browser: login and authorize access.

### Create Tunnel

```bash
cloudflared tunnel create n8n-raspberry
```

Save the tunnel ID that appears (e.g., `a1b2c3d4-e5f6-7890-abcd-ef1234567890`)

### Configure DNS Routes

```bash
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry central.your-domain.com
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry app.your-domain.com
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry hook.your-domain.com
```

**What it does:** creates CNAME records in Cloudflare pointing to the tunnel.

### Create Configuration File

```bash
vi ~/.cloudflared/config.yml
```

Paste this content (replace YOUR_ID_HERE with your tunnel ID):

```yaml
tunnel: YOUR_ID_HERE
credentials-file: /home/robson/.cloudflared/YOUR_ID_HERE.json

ingress:
  - hostname: central.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - hostname: app.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - hostname: hook.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - service: http_status:404
```

Save the file.

### Test the Tunnel

```bash
cloudflared tunnel run n8n-raspberry
```

Leave it running in a terminal (or Ctrl+C to stop temporarily).

---

## 🐳 Step 6: Start Containers

```bash
cd ~/Downloads

# Create certificates directory
mkdir -p letsencrypt

# Start containers
docker compose up -d

# Check status
docker compose ps
```

**Should show:**
```
NAME            STATUS
traefik         Up
postgres        Up
redis           Up
n8n_editor      Up
n8n_worker      Up
n8n_webhook     Up
portainer       Up
```

---

## 🔄 Step 7: Configure Tunnel as Service

So the tunnel runs automatically in the background:

```bash
# IMPORTANT: Copy files to /etc/cloudflared
# systemd needs to find files in this directory
sudo mkdir -p /etc/cloudflared
sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/config.yml /etc/cloudflared/config.yml

# Copy credentials file (replace with your tunnel ID!)
# EXAMPLE: sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/a1b2c3d4-e5f6-7890-abcd-ef1234567890.json /etc/cloudflared/
# Or copy all .json files:
sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/*.json /etc/cloudflared/

# Now install as service (will look in /etc/cloudflared)
sudo cloudflared service install

# Start service
sudo systemctl start cloudflared

# Enable on boot
sudo systemctl enable cloudflared

# Check status
sudo systemctl status cloudflared
```

**Now the tunnel runs automatically!**

---

## 🌐 Step 8: Access Services

Wait a few minutes and access:

- **n8n**: https://app.your-domain.com
- **Portainer**: https://central.your-domain.com
- **Webhooks**: https://hook.your-domain.com

---

## 📝 Step 9: Configure Users

### Configure n8n

1. Access: https://app.your-domain.com
2. Fill in the setup form
3. Configure workflows

### Configure Portainer

1. Access: https://central.your-domain.com
2. Create admin user (password with 12+ characters)
3. Select environment: **Docker Standalone**

---

## 🛠️ Useful Commands

### Manage Containers

```bash
# View all containers
docker compose ps

# View logs
docker compose logs -f
docker compose logs -f traefik
docker compose logs -f n8n_editor

# Restart a service
docker compose restart n8n_editor

# Stop everything
docker compose down

# Recreate everything
docker compose down && docker compose up -d
```

### Manage Tunnel

```bash
# View tunnel status
sudo systemctl status cloudflared

# View tunnel logs
sudo journalctl -u cloudflared -f

# Restart tunnel
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared

# Stop tunnel
sudo systemctl stop cloudflared
```

---

## ⚠️ Troubleshooting

### "Cannot GET /" on n8n

Recreate the containers:

```bash
docker compose down
docker compose up -d
```

### Tunnel doesn't connect

Check if tunnel is running:

```bash
ps aux | grep cloudflared
```

Restart:

```bash
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared
```

---

## 🎉 Done!

Now you have n8n running on Raspberry Pi with:
- ✅ Cloudflare Tunnel (bypasses CGNAT)
- ✅ Automatic SSL
- ✅ Secure external access
- ✅ Portainer for management
- ✅ Status monitoring dashboard
- ✅ SMTP configured for sending emails
- ✅ System monitoring
- ✅ Memory and CPU optimizations

---

**Developed for @robson - viajandoeimigrando.com.br**

Commit message:

Add dashboard creation instructions to setup guide

SETUP_GUIDE.md, after:

# 🚀 Complete Guide - n8n on Raspberry Pi with Cloudflare Tunnel

This guide walks you through setting up n8n on Raspberry Pi with external access via Cloudflare Tunnel.

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. **Raspberry Pi 4** with Ubuntu 24.04
2. **Docker and Docker Compose** installed
3. **Domain** on Cloudflare (`your-domain.com`)
4. **Cloudflare** free account

---

## 📁 Required Files

**IMPORTANT:** You need to create the `docker-compose.yml` file before continuing. See Step 1 below to create from scratch or adapt an existing one.

**Files that will be created during the guide:**
- `.env` - Environment variables (created in Step 2)
- `docker-compose.yml` - Orchestration (need it before)
- `dashboard/` - Web dashboard (will be created automatically)
  - `app.py` - Python API
  - `index.html` - Web interface

---

## 🔧 Step 1: Create docker-compose.yml (if you don't have it)

**IMPORTANT:** If you already have a working `docker-compose.yml`, you can skip to Step 2.

### Check if it exists:
```bash
ls ~/Downloads/docker-compose.yml
```

### If it doesn't exist, create a new one:

```bash
cd ~/Downloads
nano docker-compose.yml
```

Paste this complete content:

```yaml
version: "3.8"

services:
  # Traefik - Reverse Proxy
  traefik:
    image: traefik:v2.11
    container_name: traefik
    restart: unless-stopped
    command:
      - "--api.dashboard=true"
      - "--providers.docker=true"
      - "--providers.docker.exposedbydefault=false"
      - "--entrypoints.web.address=:80"
    ports:
      - "80:80"
      - "443:443"
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
    networks:
      - network_public

  # PostgreSQL - Database
  postgres:
    image: postgres:14
    container_name: postgres
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - POSTGRES_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - POSTGRES_DB=n8n
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - postgres_data:/var/lib/postgresql/data

  # Redis - Queue & Cache
  redis:
    image: redis:latest
    container_name: redis
    restart: unless-stopped
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - redis_data:/data

  # Portainer - Docker Management
  portainer:
    image: portainer/portainer-ce:latest
    container_name: portainer
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
      - portainer_data:/data
    networks:
      - network_public
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.portainer.rule=Host(`${DOMINIO_PORTAINER}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.portainer.entrypoints=web"

  # n8n Editor - Workflow Editor
  n8n_editor:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_editor
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - N8N_ENCRYPTION_KEY=${N8N_KEY}
      - N8N_HOST=${DOMINIO_N8N}
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_editor.rule=Host(`${DOMINIO_N8N}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_editor.entrypoints=web"

  # n8n Worker - Background Processing
  n8n_worker:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_worker
    restart: unless-stopped
    command: worker
    environment:
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      - QUEUE_BULL_REDIS_HOST=redis
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n

  # n8n Webhook - Webhook Handler
  n8n_webhook:
    image: n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n_webhook
    restart: unless-stopped
    command: webhook
    environment:
      - N8N_HOST=${WEBHOOK_N8N}
      - DB_TYPE=postgresdb
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_HOST=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_USER=postgres
      - DB_POSTGRESDB_PASSWORD=${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
    networks:
      - network_public
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n
    labels:
      - "traefik.enable=true"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_webhook.rule=Host(`${WEBHOOK_N8N}`)"
      - "traefik.http.routers.n8n_webhook.entrypoints=web"

  # Dashboard Stats API
  raspberry_stats_api:
    image: python:3.11-slim
    container_name: raspberry_stats_api
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - ./dashboard:/app
      - /proc:/host/proc:ro
      - /sys:/host/sys:ro
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
    working_dir: /app
    command: sh -c "pip install -q flask flask-cors && python app.py"
    networks:
      - network_public

  # Dashboard HTML
  raspberry_stats:
    image: nginx:alpine
    container_name: raspberry_stats
    restart: unless-stopped
    volumes:
      - ./dashboard:/usr/share/nginx/html:ro
    networks:
      - network_public

networks:
  network_public:
    driver: bridge

volumes:
  postgres_data:
  redis_data:
  portainer_data:
  n8n_data:
```

Save the file (Ctrl+O, Enter, Ctrl+X).

---

## 🎨 Create Dashboard Files (Optional)

The dashboard monitors your Raspberry Pi status in real-time. Create the files:

```bash
mkdir -p ~/Downloads/dashboard
cd ~/Downloads/dashboard
nano app.py
```

Paste the Python API code from the docker-compose section (it's already included above). Then create a simple `index.html` that accesses the API endpoint `/api/stats`.

**Note:** For a complete dashboard HTML, you can find examples online or adapt one to your needs. The API endpoint returns JSON with CPU temp, memory, disk usage, uptime, load average, and active containers.

---

## 🔧 Step 2: Install Docker

```bash
# Update system
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y

# Install Docker
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com | sh

# Add user to docker group
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER

# Install Docker Compose
sudo apt install docker-compose-plugin -y

# Reboot to apply permissions
sudo reboot
```

After rebooting, reconnect and test:

```bash
docker --version
docker compose version
```

---

## 📝 Step 3: Configure Variables

Create the `.env` file:

```bash
cd ~/Downloads
nano .env
```

Paste this content (adapt to your domain):

```env
# Domains
DOMINIO_N8N=app.your-domain.com
WEBHOOK_N8N=hook.your-domain.com
DOMINIO_PORTAINER=central.your-domain.com

# SSL Email
SSL_EMAIL=your-email@gmail.com

# PostgreSQL Password
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=YourStrongPassword123

# n8n Encryption Key (generate with: openssl rand -base64 32)
N8N_KEY=your-random-key-here

# SMTP (optional - use Gmail app password)
N8N_EMAIL_MODE=smtp
N8N_SMTP_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_PORT=587
N8N_SMTP_USER=your-email@gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_PASS=your-gmail-app-password
N8N_SMTP_SENDER=your-email@gmail.com
N8N_SMTP_SSL=false
N8N_SMTP_SECURE=false
```

**Important:**
- Generate `N8N_KEY` with: `openssl rand -base64 32`
- Use strong password for PostgreSQL
- For Gmail SMTP: generate an app password at https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords

---

## 🌐 Step 4: Configure Cloudflare DNS

### Get Zone ID

1. Access https://dash.cloudflare.com
2. Enter your domain
3. On the **Overview** page, copy the **Zone ID**

### Create API Token

1. Access: https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens
2. Click: **Create Token**
3. Use template: **Edit zone DNS**
4. Authorize: Zone → your domain
5. Click **Continue** → **Create Token**
6. **COPY THE TOKEN** (it appears only once!)

**Note down:**
- Zone ID: `abc123def456`
- API Token: `very-long-token`

---

## 🔗 Step 5: Install and Configure Cloudflare Tunnel

### Install cloudflared

```bash
wget https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-arm64
chmod +x cloudflared-linux-arm64
sudo mv cloudflared-linux-arm64 /usr/local/bin/cloudflared
cloudflared --version
```

### Authenticate with Cloudflare

```bash
cloudflared tunnel login
```

Opens in the browser: login and authorize access.

### Create Tunnel

```bash
cloudflared tunnel create n8n-raspberry
```

Save the tunnel ID that appears (e.g., `a1b2c3d4-e5f6-7890-abcd-ef1234567890`)

### Configure DNS Routes

```bash
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry central.your-domain.com
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry app.your-domain.com
cloudflared tunnel route dns n8n-raspberry hook.your-domain.com
```

**What it does:** creates CNAME records in Cloudflare pointing to the tunnel.

### Create Configuration File

```bash
vi ~/.cloudflared/config.yml
```

Paste this content (replace YOUR_ID_HERE with your tunnel ID):

```yaml
tunnel: YOUR_ID_HERE
credentials-file: /home/robson/.cloudflared/YOUR_ID_HERE.json

ingress:
  - hostname: central.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - hostname: app.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - hostname: hook.your-domain.com
    service: http://localhost:80
  - service: http_status:404
```

Save the file.

### Test the Tunnel

```bash
cloudflared tunnel run n8n-raspberry
```

Leave it running in a terminal (or Ctrl+C to stop temporarily).

---

## 🐳 Step 6: Start Containers

```bash
cd ~/Downloads

# Create certificates directory
mkdir -p letsencrypt

# Start containers
docker compose up -d

# Check status
docker compose ps
```

**Should show:**
```
NAME            STATUS
traefik         Up
postgres        Up
redis           Up
n8n_editor      Up
n8n_worker      Up
n8n_webhook     Up
portainer       Up
```

---

## 🔄 Step 7: Configure Tunnel as Service

So the tunnel runs automatically in the background:

```bash
# IMPORTANT: Copy files to /etc/cloudflared
# systemd needs to find files in this directory
sudo mkdir -p /etc/cloudflared
sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/config.yml /etc/cloudflared/config.yml

# Copy credentials file (replace with your tunnel ID!)
# EXAMPLE: sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/a1b2c3d4-e5f6-7890-abcd-ef1234567890.json /etc/cloudflared/
# Or copy all .json files:
sudo cp ~/.cloudflared/*.json /etc/cloudflared/

# Now install as service (will look in /etc/cloudflared)
sudo cloudflared service install

# Start service
sudo systemctl start cloudflared

# Enable on boot
sudo systemctl enable cloudflared

# Check status
sudo systemctl status cloudflared
```

**Now the tunnel runs automatically!**

---

## 🌐 Step 8: Access Services

Wait a few minutes and access:

- **n8n**: https://app.your-domain.com
- **Portainer**: https://central.your-domain.com
- **Webhooks**: https://hook.your-domain.com

---

## 📝 Step 9: Configure Users

### Configure n8n

1. Access: https://app.your-domain.com
2. Fill in the setup form
3. Configure workflows

### Configure Portainer

1. Access: https://central.your-domain.com
2. Create admin user (password with 12+ characters)
3. Select environment: **Docker Standalone**

---

## 🛠️ Useful Commands

### Manage Containers

```bash
# View all containers
docker compose ps

# View logs
docker compose logs -f
docker compose logs -f traefik
docker compose logs -f n8n_editor

# Restart a service
docker compose restart n8n_editor

# Stop everything
docker compose down

# Recreate everything
docker compose down && docker compose up -d
```

### Manage Tunnel

```bash
# View tunnel status
sudo systemctl status cloudflared

# View tunnel logs
sudo journalctl -u cloudflared -f

# Restart tunnel
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared

# Stop tunnel
sudo systemctl stop cloudflared
```

---

## ⚠️ Troubleshooting

### "Cannot GET /" on n8n

Recreate the containers:

```bash
docker compose down
docker compose up -d
```

### Tunnel doesn't connect

Check if tunnel is running:

```bash
ps aux | grep cloudflared
```

Restart:

```bash
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared
```

---

## 🎉 Done!

Now you have n8n running on Raspberry Pi with:
- ✅ Cloudflare Tunnel (bypasses CGNAT)
- ✅ Automatic SSL
- ✅ Secure external access
- ✅ Portainer for management
- ✅ Status monitoring dashboard
- ✅ SMTP configured for sending emails
- ✅ System monitoring
- ✅ Memory and CPU optimizations

---

**Developed for @robson - viajandoeimigrando.com.br**
